Criteria:
1a-It's dangerous to go alone, take this. -Courage

1b-The Lens of Infinite Inspiration: To use this lens, stop looking at your game or games like it. 
Instead, look everywhere else.
What is an experience I have had in my life that I want to share with others?
In what small ways can I capture the essence of that experience and put it into my game?

2-The Lens of Endogenous Value: To use this lens, think about your player's feelings about items, 
objects, and scoring in your game
What is valuable to the players in my game? How can I make it more valuable to them?
What is the relationship between value in the game and the player's motivation?


Game Genre: Casual, puzzle similar to Undertale where the player solves puzzles of increasing 
difficulty to complete the game.

Core Gamplay Mechanics: Similar to Undertale, the player can move around, gain courage, interact
and talk to objects

Target Audience: Males and Females ages 12-16 because there are some concepts in the game that can
trigger people. The puzzles also require some thinking and strategy.

Intended Tone: Lighthearted and dark; thought the overall experience in the game may be silly 
and frivolous, but the threats to the character are meant to be taken seriously.    

Story Overview:
A child wakes up in a town similar to the one he came from—the only difference, that this town is 
plagued with his fears and insecurities; he has to find the courage to defeat them so he can awaken
from this dream.

Our boy, young ____ wakes up in the middle of a field on the outskirts of town. He is unsure why 
he's here or how long he's been asleep, but he figures he should get back home before his mother 
scolds him. As he makes his way back to the village, a throbbing pain strikes his mouth--it was a tooth 
ache! He opens his mouth and presses a finger on his back tooth. The tooth is loose but he is scared 
to take it out himself. For fear that he might swallow the tooth accidentally, he finds his way to the 
local dentist's office. Inside he doesn't find a typical dentist's office, instead he finds that the 
floors were a creature's gums and the ceilings were the roof of its mouth. Everywhere he looked there 
were teeth of all shapes and sizes. 
 ----------------- first mini game -------------------
 ------- After dodging most of the teeth and ---------
 ------- gathering enough courage to let his ---------
 ------- tooth fall out, the minigame ends.-----------



World Overview:
_______ is a small town with a small population. Because of its size, most of the residents know
everyone's names. There are a few shops and houses, a pond _____________. 


Character Overview:
_______ is a child--no older than 15. 

Minigame Ideas:
1)Fear of Growing Up (losing teeth, wiggly teeth)
  mechanics: dodge falling teeth; left/right movement; pick up boosts, lose health if hit 
  aesthetics: dragon teeth, human teeth; dungeon music
  outcome: gain courage to move forward and essentially grow up

2)Being Chased (running away from soemthing causing anxiety, stress, fear, etc)
  mechanics: avoid enemy AI and get to the finish line where player may confront the chaser
  aesthetics: monsters, adults, etc chasing player around a building, house, or town
  outcome: gain courage to tackle difficult problems; combat exp, talking skills

3)Fear of Being Alone in an Ocean or Big Pond (on a boat, in a storm, at night)
  mechanics: get through (whether by swimming or rowing) a maze with a small light source that has a limited radius, reach the end to get out
  aesthetics: small flashlight with light concentrated in center, then fades out with distance; at the end, grab a ring buoy to exit minigame and the ocean/pond
  outcome: gain courage to overcome fear, dilligence to struggle through the maze


